TODO.md, before:

# To Dos
- v2 map prototype
    - [x] Create button for statement explorer drawer.
    - [x] Add statement explorer drawer.
        - [ ] Add mock group tabs based on selections.
        - [ ] Add pointer tool to action toolbar
        - [ ] Implement feature of pointer jumping to group tab of StatementExplorerDrawer.
    - [x] Wire up flip buttons.
    - [x] Fix storybook fullscreen iframe.
    - [ ] Annotate moderated statements in some way in StatementExplorerDrawer.
    - [ ] Add pagination to statement tables.
    - [ ] Create a widget for comparing statements between groups on limited mobile width.
    - [ ] Add group count badges to bottom.
        - [ ] Add toggle to include black
    - [ ] Add special black color to the color palette.
    - [ ] Support easier keyboard navigation of palette colors with arrows, not tab.
    - [ ] Add undo/redo buttons.
    - [ ] Get multitouch zoom working in paint mode on mobile.
    - clustering
        - [ ] Add no-op magic paintbrush action.
        - [ ] Bring in HDBSCAN clustering data somehow.
            - [ ] Implement magic paintbrush tool with clustering data.

Commit message:

Annotate moderation status of statements.

TODO.md, after:

# To Dos
- v2 map prototype
    - [x] Create button for statement explorer drawer.
    - [x] Add statement explorer drawer.
        - [ ] Add mock group tabs based on selections.
        - [ ] Add pointer tool to action toolbar
        - [ ] Implement feature of pointer jumping to group tab of StatementExplorerDrawer.
    - [x] Wire up flip buttons.
    - [x] Fix storybook fullscreen iframe.
    - [x] Annotate moderated statements in some way in StatementExplorerDrawer.
        - [ ] Try to determine moderation type to properly format statements.
    - [ ] Add pagination to statement tables.
    - [ ] Create a widget for comparing statements between groups on limited mobile width.
    - [ ] Add group count badges to bottom.
        - [ ] Add toggle to include black
    - [ ] Add special black color to the color palette.
    - [ ] Support easier keyboard navigation of palette colors with arrows, not tab.
    - [ ] Add undo/redo buttons.
    - [ ] Get multitouch zoom working in paint mode on mobile.
    - clustering
        - [ ] Add no-op magic paintbrush action.
        - [ ] Bring in HDBSCAN clustering data somehow.
            - [ ] Implement magic paintbrush tool with clustering data.
